## Carbon Footprint Calculator HUB 2030

Application to calculate the carbon footprint of an organization. It has a basic interface to register with email and password.
After that, you can login and be directed to a form to enter activity data related to scopes 1, 2 and 3 of the GHG Protocol.
Once the information is completed, the calculation of the total footprint and by scope is automatically performed, 
and it is presented in a dashboard with graphs and tables that contains relevant information.
The user can return to the main screen and carry out the calculation as many times as required.

The project is ready to deploy on a hosting. 

It contains the following pages:

    - Intro
    - Register / Sign up
    - Login / Sign In
    - Form (multistep)
    - Results

## Technologies used

    - Node & Express
    - PostgreSQL
    - Sequalize
    - JWT
    - React
    - Redux
    
## Setup

This project requires the following dependecies:
    
    "bcrypt": "^5.1.0"
    "cookie-parser": "^1.4.6"
    "dotenv": "^16.0.3"
    "express": "^4.18.2"
    "jsonwebtoken": "^8.5.1"
    "pg": "^8.8.0"
    "pg-hstore": "^2.3.4"
    "sequelize": "^6.28.0"
    "@reduxjs/toolkit": "^1.9.1"
    "@testing-library/jest-dom": "^5.15.0"
    "@testing-library/react": "^9.5.0"
    "@testing-library/user-event": "^7.2.1"
    "axios": "^1.2.1"
    "react": "^17.0.2"
    "react-dom": "^17.0.2"
    "react-icons": "^3.11.0"
    "react-redux": "^8.0.5"
    "react-router-dom": "^6.6.1"
    "react-scripts": "^4.0.3"
    "react-toastify": "^8.1.1"
    "recharts": "^2.1.16"
    
To install the project, just download it directly from terminal with 
"git clone https://github.com/JEDolce/hub-2030-carbon-footprint.git", and then run npm install or yarn add.

After installing the project you'll need to create the dabatabase on PostgreSQL and configure 
the connection to the db on the file /config/config.js 
Tables will be automatically generated by Sequalize, considering this configuration and the userModel

### Improvements

1) Add a button to download the calculation and graphs in PDF.
2) Save all the information about generation sources and results in a DB.

